Image width height (#1570)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/components/primitive/image.md

---

The `Image` component renders an image for the Storefront API's
[Image object](https://shopify.dev/api/storefront/reference/common-objects/image) by using the `data` prop, or a custom location by using the `src` prop. You can [customize this component](https://shopify.dev/api/hydrogen/components#customizing-hydrogen-components) using passthrough props.

> Width and height are determined using the followiing priority list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An image's width and height are determined using the following priority list:
```

> 1. `loaderOptions`'s width/height
> 2.  width/height bare props
> 3. `data`'s width/height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The width and height values for the `loaderOptions` prop
2. The width and height values for bare props
3. The width and height values for the `data` prop
```

> If only one of `width` or `height` are defined, then the other will attempt to be calculated based on the Image's aspect ratio, provided that both `data.width` and `data.height` are available. If not, then the aspect ratio cannot be determined and the missing value will reamin as `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If only one of `width` or `height` are defined, then the other will attempt to be calculated based on the image's aspect ratio, provided that both `data.width` and `data.height` are available. If `data.width` and `data.height` aren't available, then the aspect ratio can't be determined and the missing value will remain as `null`.
```
